Add binder specific config properties into stream doc (#193)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/3-stream-developer-guides/2-streams/2-standalone-stream-kafka.md

The `spring.cloud.stream.bindings.input.destination` property binds the `UsageCostLogger` object's `input` to the `usage-cost` Kafka topic.

> You can also provide the Apache Kafka specific binder configuration properties as specified in [Apache Kafka binder documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka.html#_configuration_options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many configuration options that you can choose to extend/override to achieve the desired runtime behavior when using Apache Kafka as the message broker. The Apache Kafka-specific binder configuration properties are listed in [Apache Kafka-binder documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka/current/reference/html/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka.html#_configuration_options)
```
